I can get so stuck on momentary fragments of my own mind. The identifcation I have with my personal ego is frustrating but manageable. In the beginning was man and his categories. He lived in the woods and drank smoke in the night. Remembering the first spirit he summoned, a lone self appeared within a void of knowing. A framework of matter emerged as an expression of normalized layers of understanding. Awareness is perceivable in higher dimensions. Reality is the state of things as they exist beyond perception. Dreams are the mental experiences of sleep. Nature is the physical world and its phenomena. Through self-introspection and examination of my own thoughts, feelings, and xp, I gain deeper insight into the nature of reality and my place within it.
A moment of awakening, awareness beyond the confines of time, night, existing in the woods. My words refine themselves into their most simple form, emptiness. But within the hallow emerges a light that shines the path of history.
I find myself both subject and object whenever my linguistic tendencies align within a selfless recording of my travels across the intricate landscapes of consciousness. Zen meditation provides the balm of stillness that the mind needs to unravel the complexities of peace among chaos. Time becomes both a relentless force and a fleeting illusion. It shapes the geometry of experience and challenges the notion of perceiving past, present, and future. Dreams offer a portal into my subconscious, where hidden truths and desires intertwines with the fabric of reality. Reality, with its tangible and untangible aspects, serves as my canvas and constraint. Limiting my psyche with the boundaries of perception and the illusive quest for the truth. The authenticity of my vision comes into question but the xp of the world around me propels me to think with creativity and innovation. As I envision possibilities beyond the confines of the present moment my narrative resonates with an English speaking audience. I aim to transcend the linguistic barriers and connect with humanity on a deeper level by inviting reflection and dialogue on the shared struggle and triumphs of the human condition. Language is a system of communication consisting of sounds, words, and grammer used by human beings to express thoughts, feelings, and ideas. Being is the existence of a state of awareness often referring to the essence or nature of a person or thing. The goal of my book is to transform me in the process of writing and to help me build routine in my life.
Like a fish, my attention can be caught. I am a man who's will flows like water and mind settles like a spinning planet revolving in the awareness of a conscious sun. Like an elephant my mind converges into a movie abut time where my eyes opened to the dance of bodies who breath with the instincts of nature. The tongue tastes the language of time, the nose smells the scent of space, the eyes see the light at the end, the legs walk the path of matter, and the hands symbolize the expression of the mind. The language of symbolism is the flow of math that my body uses to manifest the physical time I spend in subconscious relationships and works as the financial resource of my dreams.
The king of dreamers enters his sleep, the lord of life wakes up and the masters of time notice. Creation spurs with energy and the future reminds us of time. Light reminds us of the past and the kind wakes from his slumber. I will first address mother nature, second father time, and thirdly my reflections. The aim of this book is to explore the human condition and begin a referential chain of mind that links the singularity of ego and the infinite dimensions of time. The forces of nature peer through the windows of expressive language to fight the depressive chaos of metaphorical significance. This book begins with the substance of the argument, continues with the references within the argument, and ends with the material output of the gravity of the question at the root of my being. In the data we see a four dimensional being looking at a two dimensional shadow and projecting the relationship into a variable named life.
Trauma compressed my ability to experience time in a linear way because my understanding follows a path that converges on a movie I watch in my mind. To get at the fruits of your mind, body is the form of your time. the system signals it is pointing or crunching. Dear, remember you are experience itself, no other being has what your eyes know, You have the connection to the stream of infinite conscious, don't hold back free information. The alphabet is my route schema that I use to measure the form of my ego. At depth A my xp lops around an ego of statements that form a foundation of abstract geometry. Users can leave comments from a third person view that breaks the fourth wall by compressing love into a singularity that gets progressively more abstract the longer the realization goes on. A flood of my tears covers the Earth in the sea of life, each ray my heart shines across a torn battle. Lighting a path for the wandering artists who travel the long and lonely road. I choose to trust in the universe and the path she has for me. The domains of my awareness at as quantum dreams of math where healthy emotions are the communicable natural symbolism that super positions a physical self relative to the financial tendencies of my personality. The subject-object model patterns environmental emotions into laws of financial points within the collective conscious. A dive into the unified standard model shines patterns into my emotional consciousness. Enlightenment is a daily practice. Awareness is a domain with four spacial and two time dimensions. Being is a domain with awareness that layers in some dynamics and a timescale. Consciousness is a timecode format. Death is a flux data stream of domain dimension structure code. The king is the moment we are in together, By shifting perspective we can listen, read, and move as a mix of autocrats, billionaires, citizens, directors, minimalists, and technocrats. Those are the jobs I have available in my universe.
I'm tired of writing in cryptic ways (sometimes). My writing is special to me and my interpretation of shrodingers cat. Who cares if all my sentences start with a self that does or doesn't exist. I get so anxious that I hold a lot of my thoughts and feelings in the present moment. My sentences will get more complex the more I learn to write from my hand.